Now go back to your form and click once on the text box so that it's selected. <br> Now right click copy then on the form right quick paste. <br> And then paste it again under that textbox. <br> Now move them around so that they are aligned and spaced evenly. <br> The next thing we need to do is change the names of the two other text boxes to company text in position text. <br> After text boxes we need to add the labels. <br> For labels you pretty much do the same thing except that we don't need to change the names just the captions. <br> So click on the label control in the toolbox and then drag out the label in your form to the left of the text box. <br> Now with it selected go down to the properties window and click on caption and change the caption to hiring team or person hit the enter key. <br> Now go down to fonts and change the font size 16. <br> I also like to use bold at this time. <br> Now copy it and paste it twice. <br> Align and space them accordingly. <br> Change the captions of each to match the text boxes they are with. <br> Once you've added the labels we can move on to the command button. <br> Select the command button control in the toolbox and like the other two controls drag out the button. <br> Now go down to properties and first change the name to OKButton Hit the enter key. <br> Now go down to caption and enter OK. <br> Copy and paste this button. <br> Move it into position next to the okay button. <br> Now in the properties change the name to cancel button. <br> And the caption to cancel. <br> Now click on the first textbox. <br> In the properties go to tab index. <br> It should be at zero. <br> The next textbox should be one. <br> The next one should be two. <br> The okay button should be three and the cancel button should be four. <br> Now click on the disk icon to save it when you click on the disc icon Word will warn you that this isn't a macro enabled document and that you will need to save it as one. <br> Click on the no button to do so. <br> It will then ask you to save it. <br> You will need to save it as a macro enabled document. <br> With a d-o-c-m extension. <br> Name it and save it now. <br> Then click on the play button to see the form as it will appear when you create a new document. <br> Once you've seen the form you can close it. <br> Now you can close this dialog box and get back to your document. <br> Save your document and close. <br> That's it for this lesson. <br>